c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\bin\Debug\Images\Logo.png
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\bin\Debug\Images\SmallLogo.png
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\bin\Debug\Images\SplashScreen.png
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\bin\Debug\Images\StoreLogo.png
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\bin\Debug\glitch.net.winmetro.exe
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\bin\Debug\glitch.net.winmetro.pdb
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\bin\Debug\Glitch.NET.WinMD.dll
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\bin\Debug\Glitch.NET.WinMD.pdb
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\obj\Debug\Glitch.NET.WinMetro.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\obj\Debug\glitch.net.winmetro.exe
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\obj\Debug\glitch.net.winmetro.pdb
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.Net35.dll
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\bin\Debug\System.Data.dll
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\bin\Debug\System.Transactions.dll
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\bin\Debug\System.EnterpriseServices.dll
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\bin\Debug\System.Web.dll
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\bin\Debug\System.Data.OracleClient.dll
c:\users\fusspawn\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Glitch.NET\Glitch.NET.WinMetro\bin\Debug\System.EnterpriseServices.Wrapper.dll
